"Nerve"...

Chen...Chen Surprise

Pay attention to pronunciation

Crazy students, I play "Birds of a Feather".

Can you please be more energetic?

My friend, the funeral atmosphere is already so strong

How do you make me have dynamism?

Fighting...fighting

Western Music Folk Music Battle

Go help!

Watch me kill him today

What's going on?

The kid who plays the cello was looking for something to do last week.

Friends who study folk music met your teacher today

Says

The nation is the world's...

Go back

Then "Birds of a Feather" went

Nervousness, saliva wipe it

It's all plucked

Do you want people to practice the piano?

I will kill you believe it or not?

Nerve You are obsessed with the feelings of Master Wang Wen

Try to let go

Put it down? Where to put it?

In the bank? As interest?

In the years we have been enrolled

Have you ever had a love scandal between western and folk music?

None of them.

Because the Western music smacks of our dirt, our folk music smacks of their clothes

We and they are Romeo and Juliet

the two are incompatible

A mere iron fence can stop my love?

And what makes a fight together?

We all contribute blood and sweat

In the end only we were isolated

That's racist, huh?

Teacher, I'll help Chen Jing carry the water, she can't carry it alone.

Why does it smell like meat?

He smells like this, probably with the oil of fried pork skin bath

No food in the piano room

Good

You know how to check our folk music room

Always think we are not doing the right thing

The piano room of Western music he never checked

You are so heartless and lungless

The weight should be very light, right?

Do not block the window...

Why don't you have some too?

Senior violin major Sun Xiao

Auditioned for the Curtis Institute of Music

Everyone applauded for him

Sun Xiao is creating her own brilliant future on the road of music.

But some students spend their days in a state of lethargy

I would like to name two students for criticism

Chen Jing, a sophomore yangqin major

and sophomore ethnic percussion major Li Yu

These two students are in the piano room where they should be practicing hard.

Use of water dispensers for hot pot

Not only did you misuse school property, you disregarded school discipline.

Drinking water fountain shabu-shabu?

I'll post a strategy in my circle of friends later

Awesome!

Students of Folk Music

This week, our symphony orchestra is performing at Zhongshan Concert Hall.

Mr. Wang Wen, who plays the piano, needs a music turner.

None of us have the time

Do you folk musicians want to come and help?

Lunch box ah

Is it great to have a box lunch?

Moving tiles a morning is also good dozens of it

What makes you think that our folk musicians will go?

I'll go. - What day? What time? What to wear?

Sorry... - Watch it.

Sorry...

What is she doing here with a folk musician?

Turning the score

I have to tune the strings properly later

If she doesn't open her mouth, I'm afraid she'll take me out of tune.

Can I sit here?

My piano is valuable

It is expensive I expensive ah?

It is expensive

Now for the Prokofiev Piano Concerto No. 2

Piano Performance Wang Wen

Turning the score

Goodbye Brother

Master Wang Wen

Hello

What is it?

I like you

What's your name again?

My name is Chen Jing, class of 2011, I am your sister.

My sister?

What do you study? I'm a yangqin student.

Is the yangqin considered a musical instrument?

What?

The yangqin is of course

I'm going abroad next year

Foreign schools still have to look at my conduct score

I have no grudge against you, you do not mess with me

Brother Teacher

The car is leaving, let's go.

Brother, do you have a mood adjustment in the second movement today?

You hear it?

Turning the score

Why aren't you leaving yet? The car is leaving soon.

Yankee

Yangqin is a traditional Chinese stringed instrument

Introduced to China from Persia during the Ming Dynasty

Same family as piano

The same family

We are actually brothers and sisters in the same discipline ah

You've been chattering all afternoon.

I still have to practice the piano

Give me a cigarette.

I'm emotionally frustrated I want to learn bad

A music student does not even know the yangqin

And laugh at me? Calling me rustic?

It's so unfair.

Oil dregs Any inspirational songs? Play me two songs

Which one do you want?

The kind that gets me on my feet

Forget the past, forget the shame.

To be a new person with wounds

Oil residue

I get it.

Get out of the way

I want to be on stage

I want Sensei to remember what the yangqin is all about

You're joining the school folk band?

Did you not come to the department meeting this week?

That's where people come to take care of their ears at home.

The school folk band has been disbanded

What's the point of being in a band?

But even if they don't disband

The quality of our folk orchestra is also too sorry for the ancestors

Not to mention the concert hall

Square dance can not find their accompaniment

How about we form a band?

Coaxing a few students to come in

One more year of college entrance exams

If you don't make up for it now, what university will you be able to get into with your total score?

This is the performance schedule of my part-time job this month

Not I boast really busy than 18 line starlet

You earn a little less, we are young, my friend.

Think about the future now

It's impossible to live in the moment, believe me.

Chen Jing, you're a famous player in our department.

I can't even believe the punctuation in what you're saying.

I didn't say you learned that thing funny yet

You...

I want to set sail for the battle

But there is no partner

You still have me.

A drummer and a yangqin player

What kind of combination are you and I like this?

No soul

In fact, there is one last trick

Says

I'm not taking any cultural lessons, and I'm not working part-time.

Have you forgotten about that dormitory?

Dormitory 502

All are learning folk music ah

They are folk music students

But I think they are not human ah

I can only send you here, my friend.

Although they are my sisters, but I...

Don't be afraid. They're just a little bit fancier.

Binary elements only

What is the secondary ah?

Binary yuan professional point is ACG

Animation Comics Games

They are only interested in these things, but not in the others.

How do you know so much about it?

Miscellaneous knowledge

I'll copy from the left.

I'll break the back

Yes, it's on...

That...

Her name is Sakura, and she hates to talk.

You guys don't hate talking, do you?

Talking can help you lose weight

Sitting and talking for an hour can burn 33.5 calories, said

My name is Chen Jing, I am one year older than you, and I study yangqin.

You call...

I'm babe sauce

I'm Tartar Sauce

I have only eaten strawberry jam and peanut butter

What do you want from us?

Do you want to participate in...

You...

Do you want to go out through the door or through the window?

In short, if they reject you, the last resort is two words

Handicraft

Moving on

If you would like to join

I'll buy each of you an original figure that you want

Plus one year's internet fee

Moving on

That's not enough, is it?

One handicap per week?

Welcome, my partner.

Let's put the phone away for a while

Let's have a human-to-human exchange

What's this guy doing?

My name is Li Yu, in charge of percussion

My Secretary

Let's start by coming up with a band name, shall we?

I stayed up late last night thinking about two

First

Magic Sound Heavenly Band

Is there a straight through effect?

Nothing

Goddess of Folk Music...

Big Band

How is it? A combination of East and West

kill both young and old

What about me?

What are your instructions?

-2.5 Subdivision -What the hell?

A few of us are elites from the 2nd dimension

You and this buddy are representing the 3rd dimension

Ordinary human beings - so our union

It is 2.5 times

Then why not call it the Yin-Yang junction?

Don't go...

Harmonious society, everything has to talk about it

2.5 Subdivision

Pretty good...

Anyway...

This week's handbag purchase link has been sent to you ah

No problem

But you stayed up late last night thinking about the name

You don't have any time to think about where we should rehearse?

Teacher...I'm begging you

You see how sincere I am

It's useless to tell me anything. Go to the department and write a note.

If you have IOUs, you have a rehearsal hall.

We really need the rehearsal hall

You don't have a gig. What do you need it for?

We want to form a band. - A band to work?

No. - All right.

You should review, review, review, and take remedial courses.

Get ready for the full-scale entrance exams

Don't delay any longer

Teacher, we are not delaying.

We are creating the future!

Look on the bright side!

I think it is easier to practice songs in nature to achieve the effect of unity in the sky

Then let's think about the main song

Who let you take this place?

This is our territory

Who did you say hello to?

This place must also open a strip ah?

I'll try again

How about it?

Every night after the Western music rehearsal at 9pm

Master is willing to give us an hour to rehearse secretly

Anyway, the teachers in the department were gone at that time

Yes, young man, how did you do it?

It's just a sincere communication

No...but I have a request for you

I'll report back to you later

That...

You promised 502 dormitory one handicraft per week?

You're a rich kid, huh?

I know my temperament has always confused you in this regard, but I'm not.

Do you know how expensive a handicraft?

How expensive can it be? Not just a doll

I often catch a lot of them at the temple fair.

Didn't I send you the purchase link?

Please open your eyes and take a look

It's not too late to regret it.

They took away my student ID card.

Said if I broke my promise, I'd put up a lost and found poster.

Said he found my student ID card in the men's room

If I am correct

This should be your staple food for the rest of your life

It's eerie.

So scary

Ladies and gentlemen, we only have one hour of your precious time.

So without further ado, let's get excited!

Then let's choose a tune. I have a suggestion.

There is a famous song of Yangqin called "General's Order

Especially handsome I especially want our band to play

Never played it.

You can learn if you don't know

I learn a new tune for at least two weeks

I can't afford to wait

There are not many folk music ensemble pieces

There are even fewer modern ones, and no one wants to write folk music.

How about "Chinese New Year Overture"?

It's too vulgar, right?

Everyone will come immediately

Cheaper

Dear Artists

Pre-agreed

One hour, you practice 40 minutes.

Leave 20 minutes for me to sing with me

Then...

I won't push back

"A few of us are not playing

It's a rush of soldiers in the music

Beheading the long whale and winning the battle against the barbarian thorn"

How can someone write such things in a diary?

Yes, you are indeed not playing.

You are singing in the background

And...

What else? "April 2, light rain

But I can't help but be annoyed by the spring and snuggle up to people and sing"

It can be said that it is very disgusting

What's so funny? Add me to it?

What do you want?

I think...

Talking sense

You...

We are all young people have something we want to cherish

Is this funny?

Only she wrote it down in her diary

You put it in the case

Since you can make jokes without saying hello

Then I will also take your cherished

Playing around with it?

Apologize to her

Violence against violence is not right

But...

I will teach you well today

What is the ritual...

Sorry

Sorry

Sakura-chan

Are you okay?

Is this what she's become because of these people?

You artists are too svelte

In the future, this kind of front-line work to kill the enemy

Please give me the organization

Whose ring is this?

Lord Thousand Fingers You're Lord Thousand Fingers?

I also offer my knees

Lord Thousand Fingers I have admired you for a long time ah

I didn't think it was you!

I have a message for each of your videos

What message was left?

Say it

Flat-chested bad reviews

Don't you kneel?

We already know that. - Sometimes we even help her with the accompaniment.

I want to join too

I want to join too

Let's change it to an ensemble piece and play it together.

Do you know the name of that song just now?

This is an old-fashioned song

Do you know what the ancient style is?

How many points did you get on your midterm history exam?

66 points

Not only did it pass, but it was particularly auspicious.

You have no idea what we are really doing

It's just playing the piano

I'm not that bad of a professional, I can keep up with your hand speed.

Haze played these old-fashioned songs well

Read the General History of China several times

Her history scores are superb

Even the general high school students can not compare

Bebe and I have also been working very hard to learn the ancient language

I hope that one day I can put the most powerful words to Haze's songs.

Sakura-chan has also been studying the origin of national musical instruments

From Xia, Shang and Zhou to Modern Times

There is almost no evolution of the instrument she does not know

We like folk music like secondary yuan

Like the ancient style songs

These are the things I care about

You don't know anything. I won't let you in.

Lord Thousand Fingers I understand, I understand ah

I have been living in the secondary world

I'm just embarrassed to admit that my history score is over 90.

I read "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" four times

The song just now is "Power to the World

Lyrics divided into spring and autumn version Three Kingdoms version

Recently there is also a tomb raider version I know ah

I'm a history nerd!

So now I can join?

You traitor.

You...

It's too ugly

Don't you know yourself?

In the secondary world - only face is justice!

(Showdown)

Did they later break into Hyrule Castle?

Late southern mountain flowers bloom, mossy fence

Spring flowers bloom in the mountains every year

The grass on the ground is free and the willows are flying

The grass grows on the stranger every year

I finally waited for spring to come

Spring is coming, the grass is green

I finally waited for the flowers to bloom

The flowers are blooming and the flowers are red

a beautiful woman

The water flowing like water years

Ancient style song "Strange inch grass

Adapted from the Peony Pavilion's "A Dream in the Garden

Is that right? That's right, isn't it?

I can even keep up with this

Can you send me a membership card?

You're out of tune.

The water flowing like water years

Hugging that hug Hugging that moon she laughed and bent her back

Hug that hug and carry that sister to the palanquin

Hug that hug and carry that sister to the palanquin

It's too much!

Just like to sing

No chance when you are young

Thank you artists Thank you so much!

Look at what you say, you are happy

Unforgettable Tonight

What an unforgettable night!

That...

Next week a comic book convention invited me to perform

Great We must go to the show

Do you need help?

Now we have a band, don't we?

How about going together?

Lord Thousand Fingers, what did you say? I'm a little blind. I didn't hear you.

Do not want to forget it, I did not say

Comic-Con ah ... we are going to play at Comic-Con!

What is Comic-Con again?

Here we are

Hi

Let's go...hurry up

You two are really a good-looking couple

You can go straight to the wedding photo shoot it

Didn't you say you were going to be on stage?

The two of us specifically with the folk band to borrow the performance clothes ah

In fact, I know it's not a good idea to wear

All were surprised by Chen...

Seven-colored island surrounded by sunshine

The most natural smile

Long hair flowing good mood

Be a free bird

Running side by side with open arms

The wind dances on the face

From now on, dreams shine

Youth is officially declared

Thank you for applauding and cheering me on

Thank you for giving me a heartbeat and moving

Thank you for being on my side

No giving up No reservation

You are my most precious friend

Just when I needed love the most

Touch the fingers and make a promise later

Keep going together

SING...

LOVE...

SING...

Thank you SING for your wonderful performance!

The following performers are the 2.5 Dimensional Ensemble

The guzheng player is the famous ancient style master on B

Lord Thousand Fingers

Folk music, huh?

Please.

What are they wearing?

I don't understand Is it playing the May Fourth Youth?

Why do you want to listen to this kind of stuff at Comic-Con?

Let's get our SING back!

When I listen to folk music, I want to burn incense and worship

Wait a minute.

Not really, right?

There is a little fresh meat ah

Lord Thousand Fingers...give me an autograph...

I have to ask, what did you just play?

I want to learn. - I want to learn too.

I play the yangqin

Chen was shocked Oh my God, it was great!

Come and see. - What?

She is so good

Turn the book to page 36.

The Storm

"Don't listen to the sound of beating leaves through the forest

Why not whistle and walk slowly"

These are the key words, remember them.

"A straw rain and smoke to let the life of the world, and the spring wind blowing wine awake"

Oil dregs. - What for?

I'm going to ride it out.

You should not be too impulsive ah

You'll see.

I have asked Bebe Tata for advice on the necessary skills in the girl's comics

You ask them if they can...

Is it reliable?

They read the cartoon but the sweet and silly kind of sweet ah

Anyone who studies folk music? Brother, your love is boundless!

I'm going to practice.

Go

Master Wang Wen

Hurry up and take a picture!

So beautiful. - So beautiful.

She's gone crazy again. - Yeah, right.

You guys are crazy!

This folk music is confessing ah

That's right.

Brother Teacher

I really like you

The last time you asked me a question, I've proved it to you.

Do you have anything else to ask?

If not

Can you just... - I have.

I have questions

The problem is that I don't like you

You want to fall in love early, I want to go abroad

We have no grudges and no enemies

Don't hurt me, okay?

What's all this?

Even if you are studying folk music, you can not be so corny

What happened to those who study folk music?

Get out of here and don't make me say anything worse.

I am not like you

So bottomless

What do you mean by that?

What's wrong with learning folk music?

My sister dares to love and hate

You are afraid of delaying your future.

Pretty proud of yourself, huh?

You say you're elegant all the time and you bully a little girl like that?

Don't go too far.

You guys are the ones who study folk music too badly, right?

Do not practice the piano well, but know how to get these evil ways

Shut up, everyone!

Get a weapon. Do it.

Protecting Sister - Protecting Sister

Afraid of you can not support the teacher

Are you happy now?

Don't come over

-What's in this? -Turpentine.

For cleaning the piano

Get out of the way...

Wang Wen Do you know what a yangqin is?

Yangqin was introduced to China from Persia in the Ming Dynasty

Same family as piano

The first piano was invented in Germany in 1709

But the yangqin has existed in China for over 400 years today.

What makes you despise her after 400 years?

The sound of folk music Have you heard it?

Do you know the history?

If it's not great

What's wrong with us studying for so many years?

When you go abroad

Do not want to tell foreigners that our own music is also superb

Come to your place and learn your music

Just because I like it

Wouldn't it be cooler to tell them that?

When you think back to 17 years old later

Definitely more regretful than us

Thank you all for this time

No more practice in the future?

No more practice

Now that Sensei knows what a yangqin is, he also rejected me cleanly.

I am now also satisfied with

You are really easy to be satisfied

My greatest strength is contentment

Special understanding See good and take it

Who praised you?

Don't you feel sorry?

We have had a hard time getting along so well

We can still play together and play something else

Forget about this band

These handicrafts are also too expensive

I want to call to complain

What if we don't want hand-me-downs?

Then what do you want?

I set up a band for the teacher brother you into the band is for the handbag

Both of them are gone, so what are they doing together?

I like the guzheng!

We like the instruments we've learned too.

If you don't like the yangqin

After all these years, why do you learn it?

My mother asked me to learn, so I learned

I am such a random beauty girl ah

What about you?

Want to quit too?

I...

That...

I've been meaning to tell you...

My family plans to let me go abroad

Traitor

That's right.

Traitor

I call you a traitor. - I...

Is it that bad? It's that serious.

You just think everything is too easy

Others look down on folk music

You despise yourself

A taste of fresh is satisfied

Live so casually

What do you think life is? A trial product?

That's right.

I am such a person

I don't know why I like it, but I like that shitty person for so long

I don't know why I learned the yangqin

It is silly to practice so many years

There are people like me in this world.

Then go play with people like you

Even if I like folk music, what can I do?

Rely on a few of us to start the epoch?

It's too sad to fight when you know you're going to fail, isn't it?

The words of the chicken blood, open mouth

You really read too many comics, right?

Nerve. - Go away.

You traitor.

Sakura, what are you going to do in college?

Still learning the erhu? No way!

That stuff can not be eaten as food in the future ah

Okay ... let's not get angry with her, let's watch TV

Sorry I'm late again.

You've been late since you had a boyfriend? What's going on?

Bebe, why are you still dressed like this now?

Think you're 13 years old?

What do you look like?

Children like this, we go along with her can not be?

It's all your fault

Let's go!

One more time

Successfully pass the exam...

How can I pass the exam successfully?

Two eyes open Start competing...

A year of hard work, a lifetime of happiness...

Okay, with such enthusiasm

We turn to our textbooks

Shit, I'm scared to death. Mom has turned off...

I don't want to learn yangqin

Mom, I said I don't want to learn the yangqin anymore.

You give me some reaction. - I know.

What reaction do you want? Happy or angry?

Didn't you ask me to learn the yangqin?

I made you learn. - Who said that? My father.

Your father? Yes.

That day he was in pain...

Nervous disorder

What's the name? Which one of you two is having the baby?

Together... - I'm dying if I don't come out.

You can't die.

We must be born

exert all your strength

This...

Harder...

What's wrong with you? You sing so badly.

Make it hard...

Make it hard...

exert all your strength

She's out.

You don't want to learn yangqin, you don't say

Why?

Because it guided you into the world

Stayed with you for 11 years

This is the fate of your past life and its present life

Now you don't want it.

But it also has feelings for you

You discuss it with it if it agrees, you do not need to talk to Mom

Mom has no problem with it.

Turning my back to the stars I don't want to make a wish again

Surrounded by a cloak

I have my flight

I want to be proud of the real me

Even if I can only cross

Dreaming of your piece of sky

Sparkling with Love

Not to suspect anything

Restart

What's a regret?

What do I get out of life in the end?

I sang and sang, youth is like a song

It's the beginning of school!

Everyone take their hearts back

I inform two things

One This year, the Ministry of Education organized a popular concert for children in mid-autumn

I hope that the students of the Western Music School Band

Take advantage of the opportunity to make the school proud

There is one more thing that the university departments have discussed.

It has been decided to suspend the enrollment of students in Minh Le High School from next year

This decision is also based on the attitude of responsibility for students

So I hope that all the students who are currently enrolled in the folk music program of the secondary school

Cherish the learning opportunities you have now

If no one learns, no one will be recruited?

The school does not recruit

Wouldn't there be even less people to learn?

Isn't this a dead end?

This student, you sit down first

Maybe three or five years from now

There is no one who studies folk music

Low popularity of folk music No ability to promote

Is this a problem that can be solved by schools?

This student, would you sit down first? Yes.

Then I'll sign up for this semester's popular concert for children.

No one to promote I will promote

The concert is to participate in the band does not accept individual performances

You sit down

We have a band. - You have a band?

Where is your band?

Here it is. - Here it is.

You're not a band, okay?

At most, it's a theater group, right?

Everybody sit down.

Report to the teacher We have a band

So now we're ready for the show, right?

Participating in the show is representing the honor of the school

The symphony orchestra has been training without interruption

Is your improvised band capable of participating together?

If something goes wrong, who is responsible?

Is the collective honor for you to just discredit?

Dismissal of the meeting

Don't even think about the fact that you are representing the school after all

-Why are we being held back? -You shut up.

Tolerate you for so many years

Are you still in charge of whether our folk music can be on stage or not?

How to talk? You bunch of wildcats

Who is the wild card?

We are learning from our authentic ancestors

You who learn Western music

Why not also recognize a foreign father?

Calm down, everyone. Calm down.

You'll be punished for fighting here.

Why are you dragging our future down with you?

Go

Ladies and Gentlemen

Don't you despise folk music?

Always fighting is not the way

Dare you pick up an instrument and compete with us for once?

How dare you fight with the piano?

We could have just sent someone to wipe you out, okay?

Your breath is so bad, you haven't brushed your teeth for a few days?

Do you know what it means to make a fool of yourself?

After that, you'll understand. - Okay.

Compare

When you lose, you have to admit that music is a class.

If you lose, you will collectively go to the flyover to sell art

We follow the whole process with cell phones

Do you dare? Sure.

lit. if you agree to bet, you must accept to lose

But if you lose, will it be the same?

Come on, how could we possibly lose?

Don't be afraid to come when the time comes

How can you not come?

In the future, if you want to see these instruments, you may have to go to the museum.

A war letter? How interesting.

You're making a fool of yourself!

They are crazy, right?

The dog is jumping over the wall, right? What should I do?

We don't have to die with them, do we?

"Let my music be a war cry."

That's what Chopin said.

This is our piano room building

This is the time of the year when students are practicing more intensely.

In terms of discipline, we are very strict.

Absolutely no fighting in the piano room.

The atmosphere of art is very strong ah

It is...

This is...

Over the door is the folk music practice area

To make sure they don't interfere with each other

That's what it means

In fact, these two districts are the same

There's no difference. We won't go there.

Check out the Western music section again?

Good

Is this...a show for us?

Yes...nice...

Go back to the piano room.

No one is coming

I knew they had less guts than flea shit.

What to do?

Wait a little longer. Someone will be able to resist.

Does this student have something to say?

Children who learn music are a little different

This may be the practice of the fire into the magic

Very good. Very innovative.

A combination of East and West

So what's the point of getting this?

It's not working

How can music interfere with each other? Right?

For...

Take it down

A good temple of art

Why do you make it look like a jail cell? It's...tearing down...

Inspection of the school's reputation

You guys are just going to mess around?

One verbal warning for all

Folk music majors

I know you want to take this opportunity to prove yourselves

But school is not your playground

There are ideas to achieve through legitimate means

Dismissal of the meeting

Dear Artists

We...

When is the public performance at Tianqiao?

But it was indeed a good fight

It's an even match. - Yes.

All of you are our respectable opponents

So actually you have another choice

Does anyone hear it?

We now have an instrument missing from the establishment?

Chimes Missing Chimes

I can't think of a solution for the moment.

The percussion group... carry those lines in the back.

The effect may be a little worse, but it's better than nothing.

Sorry, artists.

I was here to listen to the fun

But I heard you say there is something missing

I just couldn't resist

This set of clocks was made more than 20 years ago when the Citizens' Orchestra was disbanded.

Inbound

Always put with here, no one has moved

This is put aside, so no one will remember it

Can you still get it to ring?

Well...

Oil drippings, some tofu

Put down some greens

You help a little

I have no hands

Lord Thousand Fingers is calling me!

Lord Thousand Fingers is calling me!

Master, look at this. - I want this.

It's beautiful. - This one.

Look at this. - I want the feathers. I want the hem.

Then let's buy it together

A wonderful musical feast is about to begin

Today, I believe that all the children present will be able to experience the charm of music up close and personal.

I also believe that maybe this group of kids will be on this stage in the future.

Continue to pass on the beautiful melodies

Shiny Shiny Shiny Shiny

No idea

Those are tiny fireflies.

Fly to the west to fly to the east

Mom, look, they're wearing strange clothes.

You can't do this later.

All of you are our respectable opponents

It was indeed a good battle, evenly matched.

Actually you have another choice

Do...do us a favor

Come on...give me all the passes!

Here you go. - Take it.

Hold it.

I'll leave it to you.

Go

Here's what we have for this performance tonight

Last piece Mozart Piano Concerto No. 27

We would like to invite the affiliated high school of Zhongxia National Music Academy

Youth Symphony Orchestra students

Principal Piano Wang Wen Principal Violin Zheng Youen

Coming

Quick

Who are you?

There are also eggs

There is no such thing in the program

Brother, it's ready inside.

What's the situation? This is not the same group of people

Go for it!

Watch this.

Let me do it. - Okay.

Oil residue

How much did you receive from the mosquitoes for bringing me here?

Recently, I heard that there are many fireflies in this park at night.

I like a lot of things I also like big stars

Why don't you take me to the house of someone in their family?

Why do you like fireflies?

Because the fireflies will light up

The head of the department will also light up ah

Because fireflies are cool

Do you have one?

Fireflies are so weak

It should be concealed.

But they just want to shine

So I am the firefly

Nuts!

I read that

The light on the butt of the firefly is for courtship

Do you have some kind of misunderstanding?

The surrounding area is too cloudy, and there are no fireflies.

The ghost fire should float up

I'll go first, you keep it.

I want to talk to you

Say it

What's wrong? Constipation in the throat?

Where's your phone?

Open your circle of friends

Look carefully at your circle of friends

What's going on? It's all selfies

Like to take a selfie because I am confident enough to be open and honest

This is me. This is what I look like.

Why do you send me so many weibo?

In my eyes, you look like this

Why don't you say something?

Send me the original film

Why don't you save it?

Forget it, I'm not saving it.

After you give me a new photo it

Let's go.

I didn't expect to be too late this year

I wanted to see the fireflies with you once

There is no such thing as too late?

We have many, many more summers ahead of us

Don't be too...too fast, right?

You see

Ready to go?

Bye-bye. - Bye-bye.

Sorry, Lord Thousand Fingers.

I can't pin it up.

Once again

Just me...

A person...